Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
No! Ugh!
♪ She's my
♪ kinda girl.
♪ Yes. she is.
♪ She is my
♪ kinda girl. ♪
Oh wow. What is it?
She's an eastern water dragon.
They can grow up to 4ft.
You can touch her.
Her name's Juliet.
Has she ever bitten you?
That was supposed
to be for Romeo.
He can be annoying. like
most boyfriends.
Please. Mommy. can we go?
Sweetie. 7 is too young to be
going to an anti-nuclear march.
Oh. sorry.
Did you let the puppies out?
Excuse me. ma'am.
Do you have worms?
They're for our dragons.
They're called Rocky and Mr T.
What do they like the most -
dried or alive and wriggly?
We have both just along here.
It's not about that;
it's about the men cutting down
our forests.
Don't you know
what they're doing?
- Honey. who told you that?
- Jodie did.
Do you know how many
people live on the planet?
Uh. yes. no.
4.4 billion.
- Rainin' Cats and Dogs.
- That's too many.
How can I help you?
Uh. yes. we have that.
Till... 5 today. OK.
Mommy. look.
He's done a peepee.
Oh. sweetie.
Jodie. could you please help
Mrs Martinez?
And when you're done.
can you start feeding the birds?
Honey. please leave the puppies
in their pens. OK?
Aw.
Help! Jules?
What are you doing?
One of the
kids opened the cage.
Damn Bertie got out again.
Can't get my arm under.
He's way at the back.
You so owe me.
- Yeah. he's right at the back.
- Yeah. I can see him. Hang on.
Got him.
Come here.
Oh.
Aw. he's just a rat.
A cutie too.
Just put him away.
One day. you'll find
the pythons. Bertie.
and that won't end well.
Where is she now? We've really
gotta find another sitter.
Yeah. like we can
afford that
You saw the letter
from the bank?
Not overdrawn again?
I'll go see them.
We'll find a way.
Mom? I think Reggie's
eaten his brother.
Your turn. I did the puppy.
- I did the rat.
- You did not!
Oh. Reggie. You bad axolotl.
Ew.
Where's the lizard's
arms and legs?
I'm guessing inside Reggie.
sweetie.
- Ugh. that's gross.
- He's not a lizard.
He's an amphibian. like some of
the oldest. baddest dinosaurs.
Why did he do that?
Mm. hungry. territorial.
Or the water change.
They can be sensitive.
cos they breathe through
their skin. Look.
So slimy.
You know. if we took him
out of the water.
he would turn into a salamander
and hunt on land.
What would he hunt?
I don't know.
Anything that moves.
K.
Damn filter's
gone again.
Come on. Let's go tell Daddy
and see if he can fix it.
You wanna come?
Mm-hm.
OK.
Thanks a lot.
Oh. I'm sorry. sir.
We're closed.
- I'm looking for Ben Adams.
- That's me. How can I help?
Amos Tilbury.
I wanted to talk to you
about your mother.
Uh. Ben's mother passed
away a few months ago.
I know. My apologies.
My partner was her lawyer...
before his stroke - poor guy.
Um. I've been trying to
go through his old files.
but if now is inconvenient.
I can come back.
No. uh...
I'm sorry.
This is my wife. Jules.
- Hi.
Uh. do you wanna
come through and sit?
Sure.
Excuse the mess.
Uh. we live in the
apartment above.
Ben's renovating
the kitchen upstairs.
UC Davis.
I hear it's a good programme.
Yeah. Last year of vet school.
It's a bit stressful
on top of everything else.
but we are hoping to open
a practice as part of the store.
- Hm.
- Yeah.
Um. you said something
about my mother's files.
Yeah. I... I didn't
know your mother.
And. uh. everything in her file
appears to be in order.
There was. however.
an old deed I came across
emptying some boxes that
had been filed incorrectly.
It's for a coastal property
in Oregon.
My mother never
had property anywhere.
- Mm.
- Certainly not up there.
Well. it's from 1935.
in your father's name.
He bought land on
the Oregon coast
at the end of the Depression.
little place called
Hobbit's Bay.
Never heard of it.
How did something like this
get overlooked for so long?
Well. it was before
our firm's time. and...
well. we had no record on file
of your mother ever owning it.
But it would have
passed on to her.
Looks like it got forgotten
after your father's death.
Isn't that a little bit
strange? I mean.
people don't normally forget
about a place they own. do they?
Well. some families
have secrets.
You'd be surprised
at what people find out
after a loved one dies.
In all my life. she never
once mentioned this.
Can I keep all of this?
Of course.
I appreciate you coming by.
Look- Look.
I don't mean to pry.
There was one
other thing I found.
Are you aware of what happened
to your father?
He and my sister died in a car
accident just before I was born.
Why?
Well. according to this.
they were swimming at Hobbit's
Bay when they disappeared.
My mother never spoke
about them much.
She never wanted to. Um...
But why would she say it was
a car accident if it wasn't?
Well. Ben's mother
was institutionalised
for most of his childhood.
She was never around much.
Sorry. I just thought
you should know.
Legally. the property's yours
to do with as you wish.
I do have a local agent
who can help advise.
What do you wanna do?
- Well. how far away is it?
- Well. it's quite a drive -
halfway up the Oregon coast.
just north of Florence.
I could get my office to
give you the directions.
Are you sure
this is it?
Oh yeah.
Are we there yet?
Almost. sweetie.
You sure this is safe?
We'll soon find out.
Hold on.
Now what?
I'll take a look.
Hey. there's something
through here.
Archie.
Archie! Come here!
Oh wow.
It's a palace.
All my dreams have come true
Do you think it has power?
Sure. How do you think
you heat the Jacuzzi
OK. stand back.
This is a dad job.
Well. a little bit more
air and light -
I think it's got potential.
Hey. slow down.
What's in here?
Can we go upstairs?
Sure.
Come on. Archie. Come with me.
Hey. be careful. Some of the
floorboards might be rotten.
OK.
Wow.
Hey. can you give me
a hand with this?
Oh. don't worry. I got it.
Ben? Quick. come here.
What is it?
You all right?
Look at this.
It's incredible.
Didn't I say things
would work out?
I love you.
[STONE COVER SCRAPES. THUD!
What is it?
It looks disgusting.
It's a water tank.
All these old types of places
would've run off rainwater
or a bore. if there's an
underground spring near here.
You're not going in there.
- It's just a water tank.
- Ben!
Hey. Come here. Come here.
'Ben? Ben!
'What can you see?'
Not much.
What's that?
Just an old lantern
I found in the dirt.
Can I go in there?
Sweetie. I don't want you
to go near this thing. OK?
Promise me?
- Promise.
- Yeah. good girl.
Go and help Mom.
Honey! Where
do you want our bags?
I got pillows and blankets too.
Uh. up here. I think
this is your parents' old room.
What are these?
Mm. Must be Granny's.
Was this her?
She was beautiful.
Yeah. she was.
And that little girl would've
been your Aunt Rosie.
I think this is jammed.
It won't open.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Someone's nailed them shut.
Probably just thought the place
would've been broken into.
Sugar and Meg-Meg want
to know where their room is.
Well. I saw a very special
room downstairs.
Shall we go check it out?
Mm-hm.
All right. come on. Jump on.
Downstairs. Giddy up!
Yeehaw!
Whoa!
Help!
♪ Drifting in a day
not yet begun.
♪ 6 o'clock and peaceful
♪ and serene.
All here. like everything
was just left.
Right.
♪ Floating in
a Technicolor scene.
♪ Something nearly peaceful
♪ in the sound.
♪ Rising from the
♪ San Andreas ground.
♪ Overground...
Hold this.
♪ Underground.
it starts to rearrange.
♪ You better get up
♪ and run for a doorway. ♪
Look what I found.
Do you think that's here?
I don't know.
Could be.
Check this out.
It's a bunch of news clippings
about the area.
What do they mean?
I don't know. I got dozens
more. They're all similar.
I mean. there's an
insurance claim here
for another ship that ran
aground in the early 1900s.
This one says some
of the crew went ashore
and were never seen again.
Look at this.
I found them
in your mother's room.
They're reports of
your father and sister.
Tilbury was right. According to
these. they did drown here.
but their bodies were
never recovered.
They suspected her?
That doesn't make any sense.
I mean...
she was secretive...
a bit crazy. sure. but...
You should see your face.
You think my mom's a psycho.
Uh...
- Maybe it runs in the family.
- Oh. shut up.
What was that noise?
- Nothing. sweetie. Just-
- I'll clear this away.
It's just the wind. OK?
Come on. Off to beddy-byes.
Come here.
- Goodnight. Daddy.
- Goodnight. angel. Sleep tight.
Come on.
OK. here we go.
Who's that?
That's you.
- This is Daddy.
- Mm.
That's Grandma.
I miss her.
I know. sweetie. We do too.
But she's in a better place now.
Can you read
Wind in the Willows to me?
Just for a few minutes.
Who's your favourite this week?
Badger. He's so grumpy.
No. wait. I like Toady.
He's the funniest.
Yeah?
'Like Summer Tempests
Came His Tears.
'The Rat put out
a neat. brown paw.
'gripped Toad firmly by
the scruff of his neck...'
She's asleep.
What you looking at?
Found it downstairs.
It's your mother's diary.
Yeah. this is her handwriting.
She used to write me from
hospital when I was a kid.
- She never remarried?
- No. Never saw anyone.
She used to say when Dad
and Rosie died that it was fate.
To God. be grateful for what
you've got. and all that.
Well. I think you're doing
a hell of a better job.
You know. it's strange
when your parents die.
You start thinking about
them differently. like...
how they were to you.
the decisions they made.
How youare to your own child.
How you'll never do
what they did.
What do you wanna do
about this place?
We could really use the money.
And it's fuckingcreepy.
It is!
Yeah. well... it is.
I mean. this place
was so special to them.
Why didn't she want me to know?
Thought you would never ask.
Let's find out.
'April 27th. 1946.
'We have moved in.
'and I am my new self again.'
LINDA... my new self again.
with none of my dark sadness.
It is just the
beginning of our new life here
with Rosie. and our child
grows strong inside of me.
Alec is determined
we be comfortable here
and has had a man come in
and build a water tank.
And this week. they drilled
more than a hundred feet
to the deep spring
that has water
sweeter and more nourishing
than any I have ever tasted.
A package arrived today.
completely anonymously.
It contained newspaper reports
about our bay.
Alec told me to throw them away.
that someone is not happy
we are here
and is trying to unsettle us.
Alec was up all night
with the storm again.
When it cleared.
Rosie and I took our
early stroll along the beach.
He was not there
for his early morning swim.
And when we returned.
I could not find him anywhere.
He has been gone
for three days.
I alerted the local police. but
they assure me he will return
from wherever he has gone.
Rosie misses
her father terribly.
and I fear for his safety.
'May 5th. 1946.'
That's the last entry.
The rest is missing.
Rosie disappeared
on the night of May 10th.
What happened
in those five days?
What's the matter? You don't
wanna know what happened?
Oh. this is just so crazy.
You know?
This is her all over again.
She-She-
She never told me the truth.
Never. Never what
I wanted to know.
Now I have to accept that.
I don't know why
she did what she did
or what even really
happened. but...
she's gone now.
and I never will.
- You're not slightly curious?
- What difference does it make?
She did what she did.
Mommy.
Sweetie.
Something's trying to get in.
'Stay here. OK?
'Ben. Get up.'
'What is it?'
I-I don't know.
I'm still on the stairs.
Go back to bed.
Shit!
Don't do that.
You'll give me a heart attack.
The terrace
door doesn't shut properly.
-Oh my God.
- What are you doing?
Nothing. I'm...
I thought I heard something.
Let's go to sleep.
Don't dothat. You just...
scared the livin' days
out of me.
- It's funny.
- It's not funny.
♪ Sometimes lovin'...
♪ is so. so hard
♪ to do.
Hey! You're up.
I didn't wanna wake you. Thought
you could do with the sleep.
Fridge is running. Hungry?
No.
I can't believe I slept in.
What's all that?
Oh. it's just junk -
old tools. lots of fertiliser.
We should keep Reia outta here.
It's high ammonium nitrate -
what they used to make
bombs with in World War II.
Even some old fuse wires
still here.
Found some old gas.
but we're gonna need more.
so I'm gonna head back
to that station tomorrow.
What? What is it?
Doesn't this place
make you feel uneasy?
Well. first night in a new
place is always a bit weird.
but that may be because I woke
up with Meg-Meg staring at me
with her creepy one eye...
...and a unicorn up my nose.
Could be that.
Why don't we just call
someone to come in and fix it?
It could be just a shut valve.
It's actually
quite nice in here.
- Are you sure about this?
- Can't be that hard. right?
Wish me luck.
Well. it looks like it goes a
long way back under the cottage.
If there are any monsters or
psychos. don't let them out. OK?
You bet. honey.
Damn things.
Agh!
What can you see?
There's a pipe coming in
from the hill behind
and another below
that must go to the pump.
Hang on.
I'll see if I can open it.
Ow. Shit.
It works!
We've got water!
Damn it.
Any luck?
Oh. Did you hurt yourself?
Uh. it's just a scratch.
Found a tunnel and a sort of
cave behind the tank wall.
Looks really deep. Must be
where the water comes from.
Oh!
Great. Pump still works.
Oh.
Pure spring water.
Maybe we should start bottling
it. Could be a new thing.
OK. let's not. uh.
close the store just yet.
Look what else I found.
Oh.
Where did you find this?
It was in the mud.
in the tank.
What do you think it is?
Well. it's not a fish.
It's some sort of amphibious
larvae - not fully formed.
These are its gills.
Yeah?
See the rear bone spurs?
They turn into legs
when they move on to land.
Look how slimy it is.
Like. look.
Oh. yeah.
Wow.
Holy shit.
- What's that?
- Hm?
It's solid. That's where
its eyes should be.
Maybe it's subterranean -
evolved not to need them.
like Apoda amphibians.
- What does 'Apoda' mean?
- Uh. 'the blind ones' in Latin.
Do you know how devilishly
sexy you are
when you speak Latin?
I do. actually.
What do you think
it's doing here?
I don't know. Maybe it's
attracted to the water.
It's pretty incredible.
Pretty frickin' weird.
What do we do with it?
Mm. we should try preserve it.
Someone will wanna
study this thing for sure.
Where's that cooler?
Oh. there.
OK. but you better win an award
for discovering this thing.
whatever the hell it is.
cos that was my lucky
Led Zeppelin shirt.
I'll buy you a new one
when I'm famous.
Hello?
Daddy?
Is anyone in there?
Ah. Mommy!
What is it? Are you hurt?
There's something in the tank.
Why is this open?
She could've fallen.
It sounded like the one
in my room last night.
What do you mean.
in your room?
Honey. there's a lot of
animals in the wild here.
Please. I told you
not to look in there.
Probably just the sound
of the water pipe.
Hello? Is anyone home?
So sorry. Th-The
front door was open.
I'm Merial Tingey. Mr Tilbury
asked me to come and see you
about selling the property.
I couldn't call.
I hope now's OK.
Uh...
'course. I'm Ben.
This is Jules and Reia.
Glad you found us.
It's a bit of a hike. isn't
it? I thought I might get stuck.
so I left my car at the top
and walked down.
I saw you from the hill.
Do you wanna go
upstairs and play
while we talk to the lady?
I remember my father
coming here years ago
with a buyer.
But your mother's lawyer
was adamant she'd never sell.
It truly is a magical spot.
Yeah.
It's a gorgeous beach.
Well. not just the beach.
You realise the property extends
a lot further than that -
several private coves.
most of those hills
in the distance as well.
Well. we only learned
about the place last week.
It's the last remaining
untouched block of its size
up here. From what I can recall.
I believe the cottage
was originally built
as a whaler's shack
in the early 1800s.
Uh. do you know who owned
the place before Ben's parents?
I don't. May have
even been abandoned.
There were a lot of protests
when he bought it -
locals especially. They thought
the place was cursed. but...
I'm sorry about what
happened to him.
Uh. you said curse.
What do you mean by that?
Sorry.
I didn't mean to scare you.
Uh. the big Cascadia
earthquake in 1700.
It hit from Canada
down to California.
This coast was
completely torn open -
sent a tsunami
all the way to Japan.
The Siuslaw people
said the land was bad
and abandoned the whole area.
Theysaid it was cursed.
Said. uh...
the ground opened up deep.
and people would disappear.
It's just a silly old story.
Places have them.
I'm sorry. I hope you don't
think this presumptuous;
I made a few calls
before I came. and. uh...
well. I have a buyer
who's interested.
They've made a strong offer
and would move quickly.
if you wanted.
Oh. that's fast.
There may be a little room
to go up... for a quick sale.
- Oh. this is a lot.
- Is that serious?
It's a lot more than I think
your mother ever thought
it'd be worth.
And if you want more. I can ask-
No. No.
Yes. Yes!
The buyer's in town
and keen to close a deal.
so if you have time
to meet. then...
well...
my number's on there.
You'll wanna talk.
a-a-and no rush.
Sorry.
Thank you.
Can I give you a lift
back up to your car?
Thank you. but. you know.
I think I'll enjoy the walk.
Oh. wha-?
Ben? Are you awake?
I'm asleep.
Shh.
I think I hear something.
That.
What's going on? You OK?
I-I just saw something
at the window.
What?
O-Over there.
You sure?
There's nothing there.
Yes. Yes. I'm goddamn sure.
It had big teeth and claws.
It was right there.
It was probably just a raccoon
attracted to the light.
- That was no fucking raccoon.
- OK. just calm down.
OK? I don't wanna scare Reia.
There's nothing out there. OK?
I-I just want us to go.
I just want us to leave.
Look. I'll call Merial
tomorrow and meet the buyer.
We can sell it in the next day
or two and never come back.
OK?
Come on.
Oh. come on.
Ah. shit.
What are you doing?
I thought you were going
to the gas station.
Go inside and play. sweetie.
Have you seen Archie?
He came up from the beach.
Uh. maybe he's around back.
I'll have a look when I go.
- SIGHS: OK.
- Look at this.
Found your intruder.
It's just a raccoon.
Must've got in under the house
somehow and drowned.
That's what all the noise
would've been.
Poor little guy.
Look what else I found.
You see what's tangled in it?
I think we need to
call the police.
They need to look down there.
I'm gonna go to
the gas station.
The Badger drew himself up.
took a firm grip with his stick
with both paws.
glanced around his
comrades and cried.
'The hour has come.
Follow me.'
and flung the trap door
wide open.
They were but four in all.
but to the panic-stricken
weasels.
the hall seemed full of
monstrous animals.
- No. more!
- We can read again tomorrow.
It's early. Do we have to?
Afraid so. beautiful.
Hello? Is anybody there?
Hello? Anybody?
Hello?
Reia!
Come on.
Come on!
Reia!
Jules?
Jules!
Where are you?
Up here!
- Are you all right?
- The tank lid was open.
Something came into the cottage.
We need to leave.
-What is it?
- Merial. the estate agent.
She's dead.
Something attacked her.
I radioed the sheriff.
They're sending someone.
They said to lock the doors
and wait for them.
We should. uh-
We should get Reia dressed.
I found out what happened
to your father and sister.
They didn't drown at the beach.
They died here. in the cottage.
There's something
in this place.
That's why no one lives here.
why your mother never told you
about it. She never wanted you
to know. to evercome here.
She lied to the police.
She made the whole thing up
about them drowning.
It's the rest of her diary.
'I trust in God
I make it away from here
'and out of this hell and my
poor family can be found.'
Mommy!
She wasn't crazy
like they thought.
No. She thought they'd take
you away if she told the truth.
And the last thing
she wrote was...
'Whoever finds this.
forgive me.'...
and this.
-Where are we going?
- Just for a drive. sweetie.
Just wait here
with Mommy.
That's the sheriff.
I'll go get him.
Hey. wait!
OK.
Aah! Aah!
Aah!
No!
Shit.
- I heard a gun. What happened?
- He's dead.
He's dead.
It killed him.
that thing you saw.
Wait. wh-what did you see?
It was like some kind of
reptile. Didn't have any eyes.
Shit.
Hey.
Hey. Ben.
Ben?
Hey. Just breathe. OK?
Breathe. Breathe. please.
What the hell is this thing?
I don't know.
I don't know. We've gotta go.
- No. we can't.
- No. we haveto go.
- We can't go!
- We have to.
Whatever it is.
it's still out there.
OK. there must be a nest
somewhere behind the tank.
All the noise we've been
making. the pump -
it knows we're here.
That's what the scratching is.
It's just trying to get in.
Maybe we can make some noise.
lure it back into the tank.
somehow bury it in there.
How? That lid doesn't stop it.
There's spare gas in the shed.
Mixed with that fertiliser.
it's highly explosive.
I can rig a fuse.
You can't go back in there.
We don't have a choice!
It's gonna kill us in here.
It's the only way
we can stop it.
You and Reia stay upstairs.
Lock the door.
Whatever happens. don't open it.
No. we can make it to the car.
No. we can't. baby.
not with her.
When it's set.
I'll come get you.
We won't have much time.
You come back. OK?
You come back.
Hey. Stay here. sweetie. OK?
It's OK.
Archie.
Ben!
Aah!
Aaah!
Hey. sweetie. I need to go see
Daddy. I need to go help him.
You just stay here.
Don't move. OK?
Mom! Mommy!
Sweetie. Sweetie.
OK. Just be quiet. OK?
Mommy!
Aah!
Mommy! Mom!
Daddy!
- Reia!
- Daddy!
Ah!
Reia!
Get up! What happened?
Where's Reia?
It took her... into the tank.
The fuse...
It went off too soon.
You can't kill this thing.
I don't need to.
I just need to keep it away
from me long enough.
What are you doing?
If it's an amphibian.
it breathes through its skin.
This will burn it like acid.
OK.
If I'm not back. get out
any way that you can.
I'll come find you.
I'm not going anywhere
without you.
Come on. Jules.
You can do this.
'Reia?
'Can you hear me?'
Reia.
Reia?
Can you hear me?
Call to Mommy.
Reia!
Mommy!
Hurry. Mommy!
I'm coming. baby.
Just wait there!
Reia!
Mommy!
'Reia?
'Reia?'
Mommy!
Come on. sweetie.
We gotta get outta here.
Come on.
They're coming back.
OK. Climb through
the hole. sweetie.
- I don't want to.
- You have to. sweetie.
Archie and Daddy
are waiting for us. OK?
- I can't.
- We don't have much time.
- You have to. Brave for Mommy.
OK? Go now.
Come on. Mommy. I'm scared.
Come on. Let's go.
Baby. Sweetie.
climb. OK? Go. go. go. go. go.
Hang on. sweetie.
I'm gonna get us to the car. and
then I'm gonna get Daddy. OK?
Come on. Archie!
Get in the car. Get in the car.
Archie. get in the back.
Get in the car. Get in the back.
Where are the keys?
OK. sweetie.
I'm gonna have to go back
for Daddy and find the keys.
You both need
to stay very still and quiet.
Can you do that for me?
Count to 100. and I promise
I'll be back before you're done.
Baby. wake up.
Wake up.
I need to get you to the car.
Where's the keys?
OK. Come on.
Here we go. One...
...two...
three.
...99...
100.
Hurry. Archie! Get out!
Archie!
Mommy!
Are you OK?
Archie. come on!
Aah!
Mommy!
Get out of my car!
Is Daddy OK?
Yeah.
He'll be OK.
Captions by Able.
www.able.co.nz
Yeah. yeah. Gonna clear that
track. All this has gotta go.